then abemolik the son of Jared Bale went
to Shechem to his mother's brothers and
spoke with them and with all the family
of the house of his mother's father
please speak in the hearing of all the
men of Shechem which is better for you
that all seventy of the sons of
Garibaldi Nover you or that one reign
over you remember that I am your own
flesh and bone and his mother's brothers
spoke all these words concerning him and
the hearing of all the men of Shechem
and their heart was inclined to follow
abemolik for they said he is our brother
so they gave him seventy shekels of
silver from the temple of bail Beavis of
which Abimelech hired worthless and
reckless men and they followed him then
he went to his father's house at Ofra
and killed his brothers the seventy sons
of Jared bail on one stone
but Jotham the youngest son of Jared
bail was left because he hid himself and
all the men of Shechem gathered together
all of Beth Malone and they went a maid
Abimelech king by side the terebinth
tree at the pillar that was in Shechem
now when they told joe 'then he went and
stood on top of Mount Gerizim
and lifted his voice and cried out
listen to me you men of Shechem that God
may listen to you the trees once went
forth to anoint a king over them and
they said to the olive tree reign over
us but the olive tree said to them
should I cease giving my oil with which
they honor God and men and go to sway
over trees then the tree said to the fig
tree
you come and reign over us but the fig
tree said to them
should I cease my sweetness and my good
fruit and go to sway over trees
then the trees said to the vine you come
and reign over us but the vine said to
them should I cease my new wine which
cheers both God and men and go to sway
over trees then all the trees said to
the bramble you come and reign over us
and the bramble said to the trees if in
truth you anoint me as king over you
then come and take shelter in my shade
but if not let fire come out of the
bramble and devour the Cedars of Lebanon
[Music]
now therefore if you have acted in truth
and sincerity in making a beam election
and if you have dealt well with Garibay
land his house and have done to him as
he deserves for my father fought for you
risked his life and delivered you out of
the hand of Midian would you have risen
up against my father's house this day
and killed his seventy sons on one stone
and made a beam alack the son of his
female servant king over the men of
Shechem because he is your brother
if then you have acted in truth and
sincerity with Jarrow bail and with his
house this day then rejoice in Abimelech
and let him also rejoice in you
but if not let fire come from a BIM
election and best Nilo and let fire come
from the men of Shechem and from Beth
Mello and devour Abimelech and show them
ran away and flared and he went to beer
and dwelt there for fear of Abimelech
his brother after abemolik had reigned
over israel three years god sent a
spirit of ill will between Abimelech and
the men of Shechem and the men of
Shechem dealt treacherously with
Abimelech that the crime down to the
seventy sons of Jeroboam might be
settled and their blood be laid on a
Benedick their brother who killed them
and on the men of Shechem who aided him
in the killing of his brothers and the
men of Shechem set men in ambush against
him on the tops of the mountains and
they robbed all who passed by them along
that way and it was told
Abimelech
now Gale the son of
ebed came with his brothers and went
over to Shechem and the men of Shechem
for their confidence in him so they went
out into the fields and gathered grapes
from their vineyards and trot them and
made merry and they went into the house
of their God and ate and drank and
cursed Abimelech then Gayle the son of
ebed said who is a Bimala and who is
chateau that we should serve Him is he
not the son of Jared bail and is not
Siebel his officer serve the men of a
Mauer the father of Shechem but why
should we serve Him if only this people
were under my authority then I would
remove a bimolecular
so he said to abemolik increase your
army and come out when zebu the ruler of
the city heard the words of Gale the son
of ebed his anger was aroused and he
sent messages to Abimelech secretly take
note Gale the son of ebed and his
brothers have come to Shechem and here
they are fortifying the city against you
now therefore get up by night you and
the people who are with you and lie and
wait in the field and it shall be as
soon as the Sun is up in the morning
that you shall rise early and rush upon
the city and when he and the people who
are with them come out against you you
may then do to them as you find
opportunity
so Abimelech and all the people who are
with him
rose by night and lay in wait against
Shechem in four companies when Gayle the
son of Yvette went out and stood in the
entrance to the city gate Abimelech and
the people who are with him rose from
lying in wait and brynn gales saw the
people he said to Zeebo look people are
coming down from the tops of the
mountains you see the shadows of the
mountains as if they were men see people
are coming down from the center of the
land and another company is coming from
the diviners terebinth tree where indeed
is your mouth now with which you said
who is Abimelech that we should serve
Him are not these the people whom you
despised go out if you will and fight
with them now so Gayle went out leading
the men of Shechem and fought with a bit
chased and be fed food to the very
entrance of the game then Abimelech
dwelt at a room in Siebel drove out Gail
and his brothers so that they would not
dwell in Shechem and it came about on
the next day that the people went out
into the field and they told Abimelech
so he took his people divided them into
three companies and lay in wait in the
field and he looked and there were the
people coming out of the city and he
rose against them and attacked them a
benefit and the company that was with
him rushed forward and stood at the
entrance of the gate of the city the
other two companies rushed upon all who
were in the fields and killed them so
abemolik fought against the city all
that day he took the city and killed the
people who were in it and he demolished
the city and sewed it with salt
now when all the men of the tower of
Shechem had had that they entered the
stronghold of the temple of the god
beerus and it was told Abimelech that
all the men of the tower of Shechem were
gathered together then Abimelech went up
to mount Salman he and all the people
who were with him and Abimelech took an
axe in his hand and cut down a bow from
the trees and took it and laid it on his
shoulder then he said to the people who
are with him what you have seen me do
make haste and do as I have done so each
of the people likewise cut down his own
bow and followed Abimelech put them
against the stronghold and set the
stronghold on fire above them so that
all the people of the Tower of Shechem
die
about a thousand men and women
then abinell ik went to Phoebus and he
encamped against Phoebus and took it but
there was a strong tower in the city and
all the men and women all the people of
the city fled there and shut themselves
in then they went up to the top of the
tower so Abimelech came as far as the
tower and fought against it and he drew
near the door of the tower to burn it
with fire but a certain woman dropped an
upper millstone on a bit Alec's head and
crushed his skull then he called quickly
to the young man his armor-bearer draw
your sword
until me blessed then save me
a woman killed him
so his young man thrust him through and
he died and when the men of Israel saw
that abemolik was dead they departed
every man to his place plus God repaid
the wickedness of Abimelech which he had
down to his father by killing his
seventy brothers and all the evil of the
men of Shechem God returned on their own
heads and on them came the curse of
Jotham the son of Jared Bale
you